Add site info to commands reference (#633)
cloudflare/workers-docs: content/reference/apis/config_var/kv.md

  * [Ordering](#ordering)
  * [Pagination](#pagination)

# Writing key-value pairs

To create a new key-value pair, or to update the value for a particular key,
you can call the `put` method on any namespace you've bound to your script.
The basic form of this method looks like this:

`NAMESPACE.put(key, value)`

The type is automatically inferred from value, and can be any of:

- `string`
- `ReadableStream`
- `ArrayBuffer`

You can also [write key-value pairs from the command line with
Wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/kv_commands/#kv-key).

Finally, you can [write data via the
API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-key-value-pair).

Due to the eventually consistent nature of Workers KV, it's a common pattern
to write data via Wrangler or the API, but read the data from within a worker.

## Writing Data in Bulk

You can [write more than one key-value pair at a time with
wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/kv_commands/#kv-bulk) or [via the
API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-multiple-key-value-pairs), up to 10,000 KV pairs. A `key` and `value` are required for each KV pair. The entire request size must be less than 100 megabytes.

> We do not support this from within a worker at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not support this from within a Workers script at this time.
```

Wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/kv_commands/#kv-key) or [via the
API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-key-value-pair).

# Reading key-value pairs

To get the value for a given key, you can call the `get` method on any
namespace you've bound to your script:

`NAMESPACE.get(key)`

The method returns a promise you can `await` to get the value. If the key
is not found, the promise will resolve with the literal value `null`.

Here's an example of reading a key from within a Worker:

```js
addEventListener('fetch', event => {
  event.respondWith(handleRequest(event.request))
})

async function handleRequest(request) {
  const value = await FIRST_KV_NAMESPACE.get("first-key")
  if (value === null) {
    return new Response("Value not found", {status: 404})
  }

  return new Response(value)
}
```

You can also [read key-value pairs from the command line with
wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/kv_commands/#kv-key).

Finally, you can also [read from the
API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-read-key-value-pair).

## Types

You can pass an optional `type` parameter to the `get` method as well:

`NAMESPACE.get(key, type)`

The `type` parameter can be any of:

> - `"text"`: (default) a string

Reviewer: in the `NAMESPACE.put` section above, we don't link these parameter types out to mdn. can we link them here too?

for binary values an `ArrayBuffer`.

# Deleting key-value pairs

To delete a key-value pair, you can call the `delete` method on any
namespace you've bound to your script:

`NAMESPACE.delete(key)`

This will remove the key and value from your namespace. As with any
operations, it may take some time to see that they key has been deleted from
various points at the edge.

You can also [delete key-value pairs from the command line with
Wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/kv_commands/#kv-key)
or [via the
API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-delete-key-value-pair).

# Listing keys

You can use a list operation to see all of the keys that live in a given
namespace. Here's a basic example:

```js
addEventListener('fetch', event => {
  event.respondWith(handleRequest(event.request))
})

async function handleRequest(request) {
  const value = await NAMESPACE.list()

  return new Response(value.keys)
}
```

You can also [list keys on the command line with Wrangler](/tooling/wrangler/kv_commands/#kv-key) or [via the API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-list-a-namespace-s-keys).

## More detail

The `list` method has this signature (in TypeScript):

> `Namespace.list({prefix?: string, limit?: number, cursor?: string})`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NAMESPACE.list({prefix?: string, limit?: number, cursor?: string})`
```

All arguments are optional:

* `prefix` is a string that represents a prefix you can use to filter all keys.
* `limit` is the maximum number of keys returned. The default is 1000, which is
  the maximum. It is unlikely that you will want to change this default, but
  it is included for completeness.
* `cursor` is a string used for paginating responses. See below for more.

The `.list` method returns a promise which resolves with an object that looks
like this:

```json
{
  keys: [{ name: "foo", expiration: 1234}],
  list_complete: false,
  cursor: "6Ck1la0VxJ0djhidm1MdX2FyD"
}
```

The `keys` property will contain an array of objects describing each key.
That object will have two keys of its own: a `name` of the key, and its
expiration value. The name is a string, and the expiration value is a number.
The expiration value will only be returned if the key has an expiration, and
will be in the absolute value form, even if it was set in the TTL form.

Additionally, if `list_complete` is `false`, there are more keys to fetch.

> You'll use the `cursor` property to get more keys. See the Pagination section

Reviewer: can "pagination" be a link?

below for more details.

## Listing by prefix

You can also list all of the keys starting with a particular prefix. For
example, say you've structured your keys with a user, a user id, and then

> some key names, separated by colons. You could get the keys for user number

Reviewer: i think it might make sense to format this section with an example of the key

> For example, if you've structured your keys in the format `user:1:<key>`
